---
layout: post
title:  "Trump beats expectations, raises $51 million with GOP in June"
date:   2016-07-06 11:51:59
author: Colin Phipps
categories: Test_Test
tags: test
---

<h1>Wowza</h1>

Donald Trump raised more than $26 million through online and mail solicitations and another $25 million at events with the Republican National Committee in June, his campaign announced Wednesday, a hefty haul that his allies hope will put to rest anxieties in the party about his fundraising prowess.

The combined $51 million falls short of the $68.5 million that presumptive Democratic contender Hillary Clinton and the Democratic party collected in June, which included $40.5 million she raised directly for her campaign. But it was the biggest monthly take by far for the presumptive GOP presidential nominee, who did not begin to hold fundraising events until late May. And it suggests that Trump has the ability to quickly inject large sums of money into his campaign coffers by tapping into the fervor of his supporters.

<h4>"The trump campaign announced Wednesday that more than 400,000 supporters made donations in June"</h4>

Much of the campaign's money appears to have come in during the final 10 days of the month, when Trump’s operation began aggressively soliciting money online for the first time. The Trump campaign announced Wednesday that more than 400,000 supporters made donations in June, with more than $3 million coming in just one day. That indicates that the billionaire will be able to post far larger totals in the coming months if he continues to actively urge his backers to give.

Trump also contributed $3.8 million personally last month, bringing his total donations to $55 million, his campaign said.

It is unclear how much of the $51 million will go directly to Trump’s campaign. More than $31 million was raised through two joint fundraising efforts with the RNC, which gets a share of the proceeds.

The Trump campaign must file a detailed report about its June fundraising and expenditures to the Federal Election Commission by July 20, which falls right in the middle of the Republican National Convention.

The campaign began its first real attempt to raise funds online in late June, after its most recent FEC filing showed it brought in just $5.4 million in May, including a $2.2 million loan from the candidate. That paltry total — and the fact that Trump began June with just $1.3 million in the bank —  astonished party leaders and fundraisers. They warned that the candidate’s fundraising deficit could hurt down-ticket Republicans counting on a well-funded RNC get-out-the-vote operation.
